LICENSE ADDENDUM 
or 
SOME STUFF WE WOULD LIKE YOU TO DO WITHOUT BEING ALL LEGAL ABOUT IT

First off, Local Projects sees the Civil Debate Wall as a network, each node
being a fork of this project. This is true of other projects that we've worked
on and Open Sourced also. Our feeling is that people move, ideas change and and
debates grow on different ecosystems, but we like to have some consistency in
our experience.  The requests below are based on this larger mindset.

ATTRIBUTION

Local Projects, LLC (http://localprojects.net) envisioned and designed the Civil
Debate Wall for the Bob Graham Center for Public Service at the University of
Florida (http://bobgrahamcenter.ufl.edu/). The team at Local Projects worked
hard to create an easy-to-use, attractive, and easy-to-fork platform. We would
like to make the modest request of an attribution using our logo if you have an
attribution page.  Ideally the attributions that we have in the About page
should remain, and the front-page shoud retain the credits block.

If you would like to change or remove the attribution, please contact
info+cdw@localprojects.net and perhaps let us know why, so that we can
potentially apply that change across the Civil Debate Wall network.

DESIGN GUIDELINES

Civil Debate Wall is a platform that benefits from a certain amount of
consistency in design. Local Projects' User Experience team has worked hard to
create a compelling interface which has been user tested, and has had very
positive feedback. We recognize that every implementation will want to have a
certain amount of customization and a uniqueness to characterize the
city/locality.  However the guiding principles of usability and design should be
retained so that users across cities feel like there's a consistent storyline to
the Civil Debate Wall experience. 

To this end we request that any changes you make try to be within the
implemented design. Local Projects' design team is also available to help
structure your design, so please feel free to reach out to us at
info+cdw@localprojects.net

We also recognize that there are design patterns that we may not have considered
or functionality that is not satisfied by our current implementation. If you
have a new design idea or significant changes to our design we'd like to work
with you to incorporate the design across the different Civil Debate Wall
implementations. Again this is to keep the consistency of the complete
experience. Please reach out to us at info+cdw@localprojects.net and we'll work
with you to create a great user experience. 
